very good to all I am 2010 and today I
I bring a new spot in call of duty
ghosts on the prison map break and
good is a piece of spot for
hide us infected and well here you
I leave my little trick to fast camera
that I went up to not be the first
infected in the game and good once
that we left because we will have to come
for each time we will be almost undetectable
unless someone knows this
spot and good what you have to do is
come on this side we went up
here here is a small barrier the
labor of masters is worth for now and for the
side we jump to this tree and now
we hit a small sprint up and
we will already be at the top of the tree is
pretty easy to catch the trick and
As you can see, it comes out almost always
once here we are going to move
little by little, everything that
we can and we will have to look for the form
more suitable not to be seen is worth I
I recommend behind this branch I do not
place here
good enough but we
we put a little back
camouflaging us a bit with the environment
and I can assure you that it is almost
impossible to see Welsh good this has
been everything I hope you liked it
comment like favorites and see you the
next video